[Music]
I am looking for the blind spot at the helm
I love the time
preach
[Music]
fake passport press my ticket for
the great north
black boxes
I loved followers escaping
[Music]
iad will put
among their of
I am looking for a blind spot the dreamer
the charentais
scor the double double sawed cannon in the
double bottom
the source
to jean piat the war dogs
b will receive their most perfect image
exact
certified carbon dikes 14
[Music]
on qatar tilke
to the acoustic maquis here the periphery
thouars released is inventing himself to the point
wow clearly
destiny classes are brown
[Music]
sport
no
remove fair
and recurring
it's jean pierre coudrais yesterday at
departure of short circuits
jeans heart starting to magazines
to circulate why
in Cameroon is my only less than a watt
e colleges
a green countercurrent
stone cooker
singer of hazel
arch
[Music]
[Applause]
I go out at night and walk on ulcer
investigate a little clean air
to kaloum sit down if jonah without doing
of stories limpid and without mystery there
is not uncommon that I hear against
no self-entity of which I have a
bathtub and free I do not wait for anyone
then a counter and two months
we suspect what is the usefulness that
say to me when I'm only doing
say is leaning against a column I do not
poses no problem
I thought suppose my door and r
the mine is the only license often seen
as obese during the mistakes and
on who weighs in times of crisis can
greatly parenthesis I can not
great thing if we are not in
three months on the papers raise my
address is my
ap and stop feeling at the slightest
opportunity to phase subscribe everywhere and
cora metamorphosis
[Music]
I am looking for my
[Applause]
for pears short circuits not
crossing opposites
High on massages
we do
jean-pierre of the powder magazines
three months
it
[Music]
on the outskirts of people in the heart of
magazines
at the start of the races there are three
month
no foundation
singers from the hazel
[Music]